README.md, before:

# Eugene Kolo's CTF Challenges
CTF challenges that I created for various competitions. Includes the source code, and solution to 
them.
A brief summary of each, a personal rating of how good they are, and a personal rating of 
difficulty for each challenge is provided.

## Challenges
Name | CTF | Summary | Rating | Difficulty
---  | ---      | ---     | ---    | ---        |
[goose-ransomware](goose-ransomware) | MITRE STEM CTF 2019 | Reverse engineer obfuscated, multi stage golang ransomware | ★★★★☆ | 💀💀💀
[goldfish-ransomware](goldfish-ransomware) | MITRE STEM CTF 2019 | Reverse engineer golang ransomware | ★★★★☆ | 💀💀
[bluecode](bluecode) | MITRE STEM CTF 2018 | Reverse engineer Python matrix math | ★★★★☆ | 💀💀 
[cwe-191-kitchen](cwe-191-kitchen) | MITRE STEM CTF 2018 | Three phase integer overflow intro | ★★★★☆ | 💀  
[crack-zet3](crack-zet3) | MITRE STEM CTF 2018 | Reverse engineer C crackme requiring SMT intro | ★★★☆☆ | 💀
[farm-sim](farm-sim) | MITRE STEM CTF 2018 | Custom (poor) heap allocator exploitation | ★★★★★ | 💀💀 
[cutie-keygen](cutie-keygen) | BKP 2017 | Reverse engineer a C++ Qt app using crypto | ★★★★★ | 💀💀💀 
[rop-101](rop-101) | MITRE STEM CTF 2017 | Three phase ROP intro | ★★★★☆ | 💀 
[pygolf](pygolf) | MITRE STEM CTF 2017 | Simple filter based python jail | ★★☆☆☆ | 💀 
[tinyworld](tinyworld) | MITRE STEM CTF 2016 | A pyjail allowing any env var to be set | ★★★☆☆ | 💀💀 
[pyescape-yet-another](pyescape-yet-another) | Private | Another python jail allowing only `` `()+,.1=A-Za-z[]_~:`` | ★★★☆☆ | 💀💀
[qr-code-intro](qr-code-intro) | Private | Simple intro qr code scanning | ★☆☆☆☆ | 💀

Commit message:

Adding paper-circuit MTEM chal

README.md, after:

# Eugene Kolo's CTF Challenges
CTF challenges that I created for various competitions. Includes the source code, and solution to 
them.
A brief summary of each, a personal rating of how good they are, and a personal rating of 
difficulty for each challenge is provided.

## Challenges
Name | CTF | Summary | Rating | Difficulty
---  | ---      | ---     | ---    | ---        |
[goose-ransomware](goose-ransomware) | MITRE STEM CTF 2019 | Reverse engineer obfuscated, multi stage golang ransomware | ★★★★☆ | 💀💀💀
[goldfish-ransomware](goldfish-ransomware) | MITRE STEM CTF 2019 | Reverse engineer golang ransomware | ★★★★☆ | 💀💀
[bluecode](bluecode) | MITRE STEM CTF 2018 | Reverse engineer Python matrix math | ★★★★☆ | 💀💀 
[cwe-191-kitchen](cwe-191-kitchen) | MITRE STEM CTF 2018 | Three phase integer overflow intro | ★★★★☆ | 💀  
[crack-zet3](crack-zet3) | MITRE STEM CTF 2018 | Reverse engineer C crackme requiring SMT intro | ★★★☆☆ | 💀
[farm-sim](farm-sim) | MITRE STEM CTF 2018 | Custom (poor) heap allocator exploitation | ★★★★★ | 💀💀 
[cutie-keygen](cutie-keygen) | BKP 2017 | Reverse engineer a C++ Qt app using crypto | ★★★★★ | 💀💀💀 
[paper-circuit](paper-circuit) | Reverse engineer a circuit with pen and paper | MTEM 2017 Conf | ★★★★★ | 💀
[rop-101](rop-101) | MITRE STEM CTF 2017 | Three phase ROP intro | ★★★★☆ | 💀 
[pygolf](pygolf) | MITRE STEM CTF 2017 | Simple filter based python jail | ★★☆☆☆ | 💀 
[tinyworld](tinyworld) | MITRE STEM CTF 2016 | A pyjail allowing any env var to be set | ★★★☆☆ | 💀💀 
[pyescape-yet-another](pyescape-yet-another) | Private | Another python jail allowing only `` `()+,.1=A-Za-z[]_~:`` | ★★★☆☆ | 💀💀
[qr-code-intro](qr-code-intro) | Private | Simple intro qr code scanning | ★☆☆☆☆ | 💀
